feat: extend split and join commands to produce JSON output (#1305)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/plenty-mugs-suffer.md

---

> '@redocly/cli': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@redocly/cli': minor
```

---

> Extended `split` and `join` commands to optionally produce JSON output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add JSON output support to the `split` and `join` commands.
```
